O thou wealth in us never end, O grandness that we bring.
O little town of Bethlehem, How still we see thee high.
Above the deep and dreamless sleep Of silent stars for a while.
Yet in the dark streets shine again The everlasting light.
The books and things of all the years Are read in thee to write.
Born Christ is born of Mary, And gathered all above.
While mortals sing the angels' key, Their watch of wondering love.
The morning stars together proclaim the Holy Bird.
And praises sing to God the King, And peace to men on earth.
O thou wealth in us never end, O grandness that we bring.
The Thou wealth which we give of worth, Thy mercy not at sea.
Thou wealth of seven million hosts, We pay thee with the pen.